c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\BootcampWPF.exe.config
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\BootcampWPF.exe
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\BootcampWPF.pdb
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.g.resources
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.exe
c:\users\rahmatmwn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\BootcampWPF.pdb
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.BussinessLogic.exe
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.Common.exe
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.DataAccess.exe
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.BussinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.Common.pdb
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\bin\Debug\WPF.DataAccess.pdb
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\RahmatMwn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BootcampWPF\BootcampWPF\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
